# Skyrim-Mods
General Repository for my Skyrim Mods. Why here on Github? Version history. Simple as that.


# Permissions and Credits
You can do whatever you want with the mods in here. Tweak them to your heart's content.
If you choose to release them publicly, all I ask is credit is given for the original work, and if other assets are used give credit to them too.

- Assets in the "PonyRaces" mod are a re-organised and restructured take on the Crimes Against Nature Pony race. All assets from there originally.
- STL Tardis mod. I reworked and overhauled the item sorting system script from there for the storage room sorting system.


## Portable Storage Room.
Inspired by the mod "Dwemer Storage Cube" which served as a a portable, teleport-able to storage facility with crafting stations. 
I decided to make my own version with more, organised storage sections, as well as more space. NPC interactability, fully navmeshed.
It's got all vanilla crafting stations and storage containers for just about anything you might need.

I primarily built this with very early game usage in mind before one can afford a proper player house, however the way you use it is up to you.
Requires: PO3 Papyrus Extender

## Portable Storage room - Sorting System
An attempt at an automatic item sorting system for the storage room. Currently, it is broken. It ate half my test items. 
DO NOT USE THIS!


## Pony Races
A reorganised and restructured variant of the Crimes Against Nature mod intended to be standalone. I re-worked how the tails and wings are handled, 
Created the MLP races (Alicorn, Earth Pony, Pegasus and Unicorn).
Requires: RaceMenu,  Hair Colour Sync NG (https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/156414)


## Race Colours
A targeted extract from Crimes Against Nature of just the colours within it. 
Intended to be used as a modder's resource, or for shared data among many, many races.


## Dragur Deathlord Disarm Removal.
I kept having problems where everytime a Dragur Deathlord would use the disarm shout, my game would crash. Every. Single. Time. 
So, instead of trying to fix it I just revoked their ability to use the shout once and for all.


## Aileen Samson
An Alicorn companion, and a long time OC of mine. She's currently got "voice acting " generated by XVA Synth, D.Va model.
She's kind of just a creature from another world. 